
The world of Aeggonia was once comprised of a single continent, though it certainly wasn't peaceful. Mortals had their empires, their wars, their conflicts. Tabaxi and aarakocra duking it out for supremacy of the highlands-- Elves and humans having their own spats-- tieflings and humans in a viciously bloody fight for the tiniest bit of land-- it was mayhem. Of course, the calamity brought upon by their petty squabbles was nothing compared to the draconic war that raged on above them.

Five elder dragons commanding legions of scaled soldiers fight for complete control over the world. The mortal empires beneath them are simply anthills on a battlefield-- not worth preserving nor caring about. Their fight left scars in the landscape, creating canyons and pits and severing the peaks of mountains to free their white-hot contents. Humanity suffered for centuries within their dominion until the war was swiftly brought to an end. Not because a victor was selected, but instead because of new entrants.

Furious with their nearly eternal slumber being disturbed, **two of the three titans** emerged from beneath the earth. They began to rampage, genociding the dragons with impunity and destroying the continent in the process. The dragons begrudgingly team up, combining their ancient magic to imprison each titan in their own domain and returning them to a slumber. It was a difficult task and by the end, much of the lands have been sunk. This series of events is known as *the Reckoning.* The draconic war ends with no clear victor, and all of the combatants return to their homes as recluses. All but Mundir, that is, who now leads Ibarfarshan. Dragon minions still assail the masses-- not on command, but out of boredom and hunger. They are not nearly as present as they once were, however.

Prominent empires now hardly exist. Several species of mortal went completely extinct: **tieflings**, **drow**, and **deep gnomes**. Primarily underground-faring ones.